# MLBSalary_QualifyingOffer

I used a Python Flask backend and HTML/CSS/JavaScript frontend to carry out this assignment. I chose Flask because it is a lightweight web framework that makes it easy to get a small application off the ground. Python also has several useful libraries for parsing HTML data and calculating statistics. I used the Beautiful Soup library in order to fetch and parse the HTML data from the given link, as well as the statistics module in order to calculate some basic statistics after aggregating the data. Since this is a lightweight application with just a single page displaying a few tables/charts, I decided it would be much simpler to use vanilla HTML and JavaScript for the frontend as opposed to a more robust framework like React. I used the standard HTML ‘table’ tag to create a table and also leveraged an open-source JavaScript library called Chart.js to create a few histograms (resources I used linked in source code).

The backend Flask source code can be found in app.py, the HTML code can be found under templates/index.html, the external JavaScript code can be found under static/index.js, and some very basic styling can be found under static/style.css. I also included a number of citations to specific documentation and Stack Overflow resources that I used in each of the source code files. 

I deployed my application to Heroku, where it can be accessed at the following url: https://mlbsalary-qualifyingoffer.herokuapp.com/. The application re-fetches the data each time the browser is refreshed, updating the various views and charts with each page load. The visualizations include an enlarged view of the metric of interest, the qualifying offer, as well as a few supporting tables and histograms that cut the data by top 125 salaries, all salaries, and non-minimum salaries in order to further contextualize the resulting qualifying offer.